README.rst, before:

Magnus tool with color tweaks
-----------------------------

Stripped-down fork of `stuartlangridge/magnus`_ tool, tweaked to not only zoom
on part of the screen under pointer, but also remap output colors to make them
more distinctive within specific small input range (think GIMP Color Levels/Curves),
and with the ability to freeze-split image for side-by-side comparison.

.. _stuartlangridge/magnus: https://github.com/stuartlangridge/magnus/

Use-case is visual aid for editing small `GTK+ Theme`_ elements,
where one can't tell colors of most pixels apart, looking through
colorblind eyes at old crappy cheap display, and them being
already very close there to begin with.

.. _GTK+ Theme: https://github.com/mk-fg/clearlooks-phenix-humanity

Consists of simplified magnus gtk app (with bunch of stuff removed)
and tiny C module to process image pixels quickly.

How to prepare/build and use::

  % gcc -O2 -fpic --shared $(python3-config --includes) \
      magnus_pixbuf_proc.c -o magnus_pixbuf_proc.so

  % ./magnus --help
  ...

  % ./magnus

Dependencies (Arch):

- python
- python-gobject
- (optional) libkeybinder3 - for Win-Alt-<plus/minus> zoom keys and such
- (optional) python-setproctitle - "magnus" in ps output instead of "python ..." line

Global key bindings (only available with optional libkeybinder3):

- Pixel-size zoom:

  - Win-Alt-<plus/equal>: increase zoom level +1
  - Win-Alt-<minus>: decrease zoom level -1

- Color "zoom"/tweaks:

  - Win-Alt-c: cycle color-tweak curves/modes

  For color curve parameters see magnus_pixbuf_proc.c file.

- Freeze-split mode (to compare zoomed images side-by-side):

  - Win-Alt-f: freeze-toggle what's currently under cursor in half of the window
  - Win-Alt-Ctrl-f: same as freeze-toggle above, but with 2s delay (-d/--freeze-key-delay option)

  Delay can be useful to capture snapshot when keyboard will be grabbed by something else.

Functionality for all these keys is also available via dropdowns/buttons in window header bar.

Commit message:

Check -c/--color-mode value to be in-range

README.rst, after:

Magnus tool with color tweaks
-----------------------------

Stripped-down fork of `stuartlangridge/magnus`_ tool, tweaked to not only zoom
on part of the screen under pointer, but also remap output colors to make them
more distinctive within specific small input range (think GIMP Color Levels/Curves or
"color zoom"), and with the ability to freeze-split image for side-by-side comparison.

.. _stuartlangridge/magnus: https://github.com/stuartlangridge/magnus/

Use-case is visual aid for editing small `GTK+ Theme`_ elements,
where one can't tell colors of most pixels apart, looking through
colorblind eyes at old crappy cheap display, and them being
already very close there to begin with.

.. _GTK+ Theme: https://github.com/mk-fg/clearlooks-phenix-humanity

Consists of simplified magnus gtk app (with bunch of stuff removed)
and tiny C module to process image pixels quickly.

How to prepare/build and use::

  % gcc -O2 -fpic --shared $(python3-config --includes) \
      magnus_pixbuf_proc.c -o magnus_pixbuf_proc.so

  % ./magnus --help
  ...

  % ./magnus

Dependencies (Arch):

- python
- python-gobject
- (optional) libkeybinder3 - for Win-Alt-<plus/minus> zoom keys and such
- (optional) python-setproctitle - "magnus" in ps output instead of "python ..." line

Global key bindings (only available with optional libkeybinder3):

- Pixel-size zoom (-z/--initial-zoom option):

  - Win-Alt-<plus/equal>: increase zoom level +1
  - Win-Alt-<minus>: decrease zoom level -1

- Color "zoom"/tweaks:

  - Win-Alt-c: cycle color-tweak curves/modes (-c/--color-mode option)

  For color curve parameters see magnus_pixbuf_proc.c file.

- Freeze-split mode (to compare zoomed images side-by-side):

  - Win-Alt-f: freeze-toggle what's currently under cursor in half of the window
  - Win-Alt-Ctrl-f: same as freeze-toggle above, but with 2s delay (-d/--freeze-key-delay option)

  Delay can be useful to freeze snapshot when keyboard will be grabbed by something else.

Functionality for all these keys is also available via dropdowns/buttons in window header bar.
